Each device in Audiere supports a set of parameters that are used to
customize the device's behavior or performance.  If a device
encounters parameters it does not understand, it ignores them.

This document describes parameters available for each device.

--

The DirectSound device ("directsound", default on Windows) supports
the following parameters:

buffer (int) : The length of the streaming audio buffer in
               milliseconds.  A shorter buffer means lower latency,
               but could skip more often and suffer reduced
               performance.  The default is one second.

device_guid (string) : The GUID representing the device DirectSound
                       should use.  The user of Audiere is responsible
                       for implementing device enumeration and
                       selection.  The string should be in the format
                       returned by UuidToString.  If not specified,
                       DirectSound uses the default device.

global (boolean) : This device sets the DSBCAP_GLOBALFOCUS bit on all
                   of its streams.  This means the application's
                   sounds can be heard even when the application loses
                   focus.  If set to false, the application's sounds
                   can only be heard when it has focus.  The default
                   is true.

min_buffer_size (int) : The minimum length of non-streaming audio
                        buffers (in frames).  Some combinations of
                        sound cards, drivers, and operating systems
                        cannot handle buffers under a certain length.
                        When this parameter is set, any buffers
                        smaller than it will be enlarged.  Setting
                        this parameter is not without consequence,
                        however.  If a buffer has been enlarged and is
                        set to repeat, there will be some silence
                        between repeats.

--

The OSS device ("oss", default on Linux) supports the following
parameters:

device (string) : The file device Audiere should write to.  The
                  default is "/dev/dsp".
